Description: The propose of this Lab, was to create grade calaculator, that would calculate the total grade recived and the total desired grade of the Cisc-3130 class using data structures. 

Instruction: The way we obatin this information goes as following:

The approch that i have choosen to complete this lab was the object-oriented approch for each component is a seperate object of the grade. The type of data stucture i have choosen was arraylists i found it the easist way to go about this lab. Therefore, we need write 7 differernt classes: Grade, Total Grade, FinalExam, Midterms,Labs, Practice Problems, and Course Grade.

The Grade class gets all the grades of each compont therefore, it would be the first class and consider to be the parent class. This class consists of 3 methods setScore, getScore, and getGrade. The SetScore class sets the numerical value of the grade. The getScore method returens the numerical value of the grade. The getGrade method returns the letter grade of the total grade after retrieving the total numerical grades. 

Then we can write the remaining childern class: Total Grade, FinalExam, Midterms,Labs, Practice Problems, and Labs. All the Childern class have the same functions the only difference is that each class may vary in the grade points and the amount of input requried by each component. For example: There are 7 labs for this class and maximum points recived is about 2 points each lab. For practice problems there are 8 in total and each weighing about 6 points each. However, all the chlidren class essentially perform the same goal, asks the user to insert their score for each individual tasks, sums the all the individual scores and seting it in the super class. Therefore, we can generalize all the methods in these childeren class. For each of these class there is set method; to set indivdal grade, there is sum method that sums all the individual grade stored in the arraylist, currentGrade that asks the user to insert each of recived grade of each task, and the potentialGrade which asks the user to enter there desiered potential grade. Each Class has a seperate output file recording the information. 

The Last step is the CourseGrade class that uses an Array of Grade object of the grade class that stores each componet at each index inside the array. 
Therefore will have set method for each compont stored at a sperate index of the Grade object array. Another, method would need is to calculate whats the remaniding points from our current grade. After thats all set we implement all the methods in main method and store it a seperate text file name "TotalGrade.txt".
